Intro (#51)
infinum/eightshift-docs: website/docs/basics/backend.md

---
id: backend
title: Backend
sidebar_label: Backend
---

[![docs-source](https://img.shields.io/badge/source-eigthshift--libs-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=php&labelColor=2a2a2a)](https://github.com/infinum/eightshift-libs)

In general, you can use anything as-is from the vendor library, or you can modify/add the functionality of existing classes by extending them in your project.

> If you are familiar with the extending classes (object inheritance) in PHP language then you can just skip this chapter but for the rest of you, here is an awesome description on how it works:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are familiar with the extending classes (object inheritance) in PHP language then you can just skip this chapter. For the rest, here are awesome descriptions of how it works:
```

In general, you can use anything as-is from the vendor library, or you can modify/add the functionality of existing classes by extending them in your project.

> If you are familiar with the extending classes (object inheritance) in PHP language then you can just skip this chapter. For the rest, here are awesome descriptions of how it works:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are familiar with the extending classes (class inheritance) in PHP language then you can just skip this chapter. For the rest, here are awesome descriptions of how it works:
```
